hey you know and I'm Christopher Mustang
restorations in Dundee Illinois making
another how to kind of video for you
guys and if you go to my website Mustang
restoration dotnet you'll see all the
video kind of things that I got out
there for you guys but I get so many
unique projects going through this shop
I tell you what this is the best child
that anybody could have like I say I do
like coupe too convertibles coupe too
fast backs
well now what we got going here is I got
a Mustang that we're making to go
overseas and we need to make this thing
right hand drive so what we're in the
middle of doing right now is making the
dash modification so we can put a
steering wheel and steering column on
the right side or passenger side of the
car and let me show you where we're at
with this thing if you scan across the
dashboard here what we've done is we've
cut out the right side or passenger side
of the dash and kind of roughly moved it
over to the left side and we've done the
same thing with the instrument cluster
part of the - when we've cut it out and
moved it over on the right side we've
jumbled around a little bit of a middle
section there where the radio is gonna
be but this is just kind of a rough cut
area here I thought I'd make a quick
video on to kind of give you guys a
little bit of a head start of what's
going on and what we're gonna do is
we're gonna have this thing up over here
and we're gonna put this thing up over
here when we're all set and done we're
gonna have our heater controls now over
here so this way the driver over on this
side of the car can reach over and slide
as heater control of course the glove
box is going to be over where the where
the steering column was the radio will
still be in it same place we'll have the
ashtray over here and then of course our
steering wheel is going to be up over
here so this is gonna be kind of a neat
thing you guys need to keep an eye on me
on this one because I'm really excited
about making a right-hand drive mustang
I tell you what I can't wait to take my
wife out in this thing when we're done
with it I'm gonna be on this side I'm
gonna be cruising over just a little bit
and scaring the heck out of here
outside but anyways this is a pretty
project I'm just joking around there and
having a lot of fun doing this thing
keep an eye on my videos mustang
restoration dotnet is the website to be
and remember on the doctor of
restoration and this doctor I'm always
in man so give me a call if you need
anything
see you next time